How do you deal with ultimatums from customers,
bosses,
et Cetera,
that are unrealistic due to the nature of the situation and the ultimatum.
What I'm gonna do with ultimatums is I am going to tell the truth
about the situation to them.
But first I'm gonna tell the truth about the situation to myself.
Because you got to look at the situation and say to yourself,
is this truly on attainable,
like truly on attainable?
And sometimes even though it seems truly on attainable,
but then when you actually think about it,
you realize,
oh,
I could attain this.
I can make this happen.
I'm going to have to sacrifice whatever to make it happen.
I'm going to have to,
to co it's going to cost me or the team or the company something in order to
make an APP.
Like,
Oh,
you want that done or you want that,
do you want that project done by,
you know,
the 15th cool,
we'll get it done.
Uh,
but here's what we're not gonna be able to do,
or here's what I'm not going to be able to do.
And I'm also gonna make sure that I pressure test the ultimatum against me
giving the absolute full measure of effort,
right?
Like,
wow,
if I go 110% not even honored person beyond,
you're going to give it everything you can.
Is that achievable?
Because a lot of times people will do,
it's an old community,
can't make it.
Well,
as a member of a team,
I want people's attitude to be like,
you know what?
We're gonna do it.
We're going to get it done.
No one else be able to do this,
but we're going to do it.
Watch this.
That's,
I like saying that sometimes watch,
watch.
I used to say,
watch me work.
Yeah.
Where I got it from some rally.
So then,
okay,
so now you truly,
you tell yourself the truth about the situation.
You figure out that there's truly under no circumstances that this is possible.
Then it's my time to tell them the truth,
which is like,
listen,
and I'll get my data together.
I'll get my information together.
I'll explain to them what,
you know what,
why I can't,
I'm not going to be able to physically get this done.
It's just physically not possible and then you know what the shortfalls are
going to be.
Now I once I explained that to them,
if they're,
if they're completely unwavering,
cause if you explain everything and you put your data together and you say,
look,
the bottom line is to do to to assemble this many pieces by our best to people
on the team.
It takes them an hour each and you want us to assemble 14 of them in three
hours.
It is not possible for us to do that.
Even if you gave me more people,
it doesn't matter.
They know how to do that so we can't be done.
I need at least whatever,
six hours with those,
but whatever,
whatever it is,
if they're
to waiver on the ultimatum at all,
like no go.
You need to get it done.
You need to get done.
Well they wanted me to do okay,
I'm going to try my hardest.
I'm going to buckle down.
I'm going to do my best.
I'm going to see how much,
how close I can get to achieving the goal.
I'm going to have fun.
I'm going to go so hard that it's going to get nuts,
like we're going to get it done and then when if we fall short,
which we will because I figured out there's no physical humanly possible way to
make this happen,
then what I'm gonna do is I will go to them and I'll explain the things that I
am going to do differently next time in order to meet their goals.
Right.
I'm going to say,
listen,
you know what I,
I should have asked you earlier if this was a possible thing and I should have
had a backup plan,
so here's what I'm putting into place now to make sure this doesn't happen
again.
Or Hey,
I am going to need more manpower so that if we run into this again,
I've got the people,
it's my fault for not staffing us up correctly or I need to pay more attention
to what's happening in the future so that I can have a better aware.
I have better awareness of when this type of situation will unfold so I can have
my team prepared for it or these complexities that happened.
I didn't explain to them.
I can explain them to you well enough.
And so if you understood,
if I do a better job of making you understand the difficulties of making this
happen,
hopefully you'll realize that there's more time as needed.
So I'm not going to go in there and throw up my arms and see.
I told you so you were stupid.
I was right.
Because then that's just sabotage to now.
They don't believe you anyways.
Yeah.
Now when you say we did,
we couldn't get it done.
See,
like I told you,
I told you we need more time and they're like,
yeah,
of course you,
you know,
you,
you went into it thinking we're going to fail.
And guess what?
The self fulfilling prophecy.
Good job.
You proved yourself to be right.
Loser,
demoted.
And that's what I do up and down the chain.
By the way,
you know,
ultimatums can come up and down the chain of command.
Hold the line.
Do your best.
That's what you do.
Yeah,
that seems,
and tell the truth of it all starts with telling the truth to yourself and then
to your people that you're charged customer,
you know,
client,
I want this foundation poured by such and such a date.
Hey Week we will do our best,
here's the short falls,
you know,
whatever.
Like that's the way it is.
Yeah.
And that's a big one.
They're like,
where can I learn this from you?
Where it's cause you can like to tell you like,
oh hey I can't,
this can be done.
Like you kind of,
you get to the point in your mind where you're like,
we both know it can be done.
But you know,
given my current risk and sleep schedule,
you know,
I got this chill,
I like to watch it cutting.
You know,
it's like that kind of situation.
Why you five Oh zero don't want to miss that one.
So it,
it kind of shapes up to be like that.
You know where it's like for sure we both know and I don't know,
you know like if there's a boss who's like just grinding someone into the
ground.
Okay.
That's a whole different scenario.
But yeah,
at the end of the day,
like if you're truthful and he's like,
hey get this done or you're fired kind of thing.
And then you start with the truth that you say,
it'd be like,
can I get it done?
And then you really think,
let's say like you were gonna die or I don't know,
you could get it done a lot of the time.
I'm not saying,
I'm not saying all the time.
Of course,
of course.
The amount of times in my naval career,
let's call it when I was in the navy,
that guys said to me like,
we can't do it.
I can't even remember times cause guys were the guys just being like,
I know.
Yeah.
They wouldn't be like,
Whoa,
I don't know.
Jocko.
I'd be like,
hey look,
here's what we got to get done.
Yeah,
I think we can do it.
And they'd be like,
Yup,
good.
Cause we're about to go get some.
But yeah,
and you know,
obviously the situation,
some situations are more like more serious,
you know,
like you're not gonna.
I don't know for sure.
But yeah,
that telling the truth thing tell the truth.
I do speak from a position of luxury where I have the truth reflected up pretty
accurately on a pretty regular basis.
So I'm not saying it's that easy to tell the truth,
but if you just try hard trade genuine,
you've got to be genuine,
right?
Genuinely be like,
yes,
this is true about myself.
Do it.
Check.